Every year I run a Halloween party.  It is also part of a neighborhood wide hayride. The hayride goes by my house and we decorate in a theme each year. We've done pirates aliens carnival and other themes.  This year we are going to do the Wild West. On top of physical decorations I also like to make digital experiences for both the hay riders but more importantly for the people that are attending my party. 


One of those experiences that I would like to create this year is a Wild West mini game. I do have some unique devices and situations and limitations.  I'm going to go over all of my ideas for this here I'm going to give you the devices I have and would like to use I'm going to give you the limitations what I want to do is make a plan to help me build this out and then I want to take that plan and I want to set it up in my GitHub repository as issues that we can convert into user stories or just keep his GitHub issues however it works the best with the MCP, and then we can tackle those issues or user stories in a clear step by step process just like a normal software development life cycle so it can iteratively develop this plan and build out a photo booth application and tooling make it run successfully.

The goal of this Wild West mini games is to be super duper easy to use because it'll mostly be used by young children and teenagers.Laptop I plan to use for this event and run this is a windows laptop.  Likely want it to be HTML / JavaScript built game.  The older the laptop it will run on the better, but I have ones from Windows XP up to Windows 10 so can adjust as needed. I plan to project this game on a projector so the easier it is to see the game, text, and objectives the better.  The very most key is the input device will be a Playstation 2 USB Buzz Controllers.  So max of 4 players at a time.  Main idea is to use the large red button as cleanly as possible.  Example - quick draw game where have to press the red button the quickest but the "DRAW" animation calls out at random times.  

Since it is a Wild West party I would love to have fonts and assets that make it feel Wild West.  Look at my other photo booth for basic inspiration and fonts - https://github.com/[REDACTED]/halloween-2026-receipt-printer-photo-booth.  For more detailed inspiration and game assets look at https://itch.io/game-assets/tag-wild-west.  The theme is a major part that drives the fun.


The GitHub repo I'd like all the issues and final repo to live at is https://github.com/[REDACTED]/halloween-2026-wild-west-mini-games

I imagine this can all run as a web application but as mentioned previously it needs to be super duper easy and foolproof for teens and kids to use so I would like to lockout the laptop from being escaped from so only this application and a super intuitive interface the kids can easily select the games to play ONLY using the Buzz USB controllers.  The primary button for the games should be the large red button.  If it's ridiculously intuitive we can consider a game that also uses some of the 4 color buttons underneath but it would have to be so super duper intuitive.  

Help me make a repository of 8-10 mini games that are super fun, quick, and easy to play but provide enough to them that kids will want to play them all evening on repeat.  Each mini-game shouldn't last more than 30 seconds to a minute maximum to keep the player rotations going and the action often and fun.

